check point (#11810)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/privacy/_snippets/autocapture-web.mdx

In web apps using the [JavaScript Web SDK](/docs/libraries/js), the following data can be autocaptured.

| Feature | Data captured |
|---------|--------------|
| Product analytics | Pageviews, pageleaves, clicks, changes of inputs, and form submissions associated with `<a>`, `<button>`, `<form>`, `<input>`, `<select>`, `<textarea>`, and `<label>` tags |
| Web analytics | Pageviews, pageleaves, conversions, [web vitals](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals) |

> | Session replay | General clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, and snapshots of the DOM |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Session replay | Clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, and snapshots of the DOM |
```

> | Exceptions | Errors thrown in the browser using `onError` and `onUnhandledRejection` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Error tracking | Exceptions thrown in the browser using `onError` and `onUnhandledRejection` |
```
